docs: add organizations, provisioners, and premium license docs (#14778)
coder/coder: docs/admin/external-auth.md

CODER_EXTERNAL_AUTH_0_SCOPES="repo:read repo:write write:gpg_key"
```

### Multiple External Providers (enterprise) (premium)

> Multiple providers are an [Enterprise feature](https://coder.com/pricing). Below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple providers are a [Premium feature](https://coder.com/pricing). Below
```
